---
title: Home
---

### Modalities

* **When** Thursday 22nd August
* **Where**  TechCube, Edinburgh [http://techcu.be](http://techcu.be)
* **Tickets** £15, scholarship tickets £5 on application

### Overview

Functional programming is fast shedding its Cinderella status --- no
longer dismissed as slightly bookish and marginal. Functional
paradigms are invading more ‘traditional’ languages like Python, Ruby
and even JavaScript. The reasons for this are manifold, and some are
readily apparent to the converted --- the elegance of higher order
programming for example.

Others are less obvious. The quest for reduced software delivery
cycles has led teams to build massive test suites and push code
straight from developers’ machines to production. Splitting the code
base into pure functional components (which are conclusively unit
testable) and impure ones with side effects is a key enabler of
this. Erlang is a shining example, with its model of independent,
isolated processes, message passing, supervision and fault tolerance,
all embodied in OTP. It is an approach that is gaining increasing
mindshare with programming langauge communities and software engineers
in industry.

* Functional programs are *shorter*, easier to *read*, and easier to
  *maintain*.
* *Testing* functional code is greatly simplified.
* Teams that co-program on functional code are more *productive* with
  their development hours. 

Mostly Functional is a multi-language commercially focused one-day
event looking at how functional programming languages can radically
*simplify* the engineering and testing of robust production systems.


### Partners

+------------------+------------+
| Sponsors         | Organisers |
+==================+============+
| Bet365           | EdLambda   |
+------------------+------------+
| Erlang Solutions | Turing     |
+------------------+------------+
| Basho            | TechCube   |
+------------------+------------+


This site is proudly generated by
[Hakyll](http://jaspervdj.be/hakyll/), a Haskell library for
generating static sites.
